Added a Structure Presentation Pack. (#935)
Bedrock-OSS/bedrock-wiki: docs/visuals/structure-presentation.md

![](/assets/images/visuals/structure-presentation/structure-block-1.png)

> Or you can use **Structure Presentation Pack** by @minato4743 to simplify the process. It include some default colors and gradient as will as toggle to hide the preview arrows.

Reviewer: Some grammatical issues
```suggestion
Or you can use the **Structure Presentation Pack** by @minato4743 to simplify the process. It includes some default colors and gradients as well as a toggle to hide the preview arrows.
```
